Update the content to match the new changes of the Persist commands (#8794)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/ballerina-persist/bal-persist-overview.md

## CLI tool

The `bal persist` CLI is used to generate the client API for the data model. With the integration of bal persist code generation into the bal build command, project building now automatically triggers the generation of Client APIs. Additionally, based on the data store, additional configurable files and setup scripts are also generated. For example, if you are using a relational database as the data store, the `persist_db_config.bal` file, and the `script.sql` script are generated. The `persist_db_config.bal` file is used to configure the relational database connection. The `script.sql` file is used to create the tables in the relational database. The client API is generated in the `generated` directory in the project root directory.

> The `bal persist` has two main built-in CLI commands: `persist init` and `persist generate`. The `persist init` command is used to initialize `bal persist` in the Ballerina project. The `persist generate` command is used to generate the client API for the data model. Additionally, there is an experimental `persist migrate` command to generate the SQL scripts for changing the table structure in the database when the data model is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bal persist` has two built-in CLI commands: `persist init` and `persist add` to initialize `bal persist` in the Ballerina project. The `persist init` command solely establishes the persist directory and creates a data model file. Conversely, the `persist add` command not only creates the model file but also configures tools to integrate with `bal build`. If integration with `bal build` for code generation isn't desired, the `persist generate` command provides a one-time generation option.

Furthermore, there are experimental commands: `persist pull` and `persist migrate`. The `persist pull` allows introspection of an existing database to generate the data model, while `persist push` generates SQL scripts to alter the table structure in the database when modifications are made to the data model.
```
